Update dbt_project.yml.md (#5545)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/saved-queries.md

```
</File>

> For more info on `dbt_project.yml` and config naming conventions, check out [naming convention](/reference/dbt_project.yml).

Reviewer: "Naming convention" isn't mentioned anywhere on the ref page, so updating the description for accuracy.
```suggestion
For more information on `dbt_project.yml` and config naming conventions, see the [dbt_project.yml reference page](/reference/dbt_project.yml).
```

> For more information on `dbt_project.yml` and config naming conventions, see the [dbt_project.yml reference page](/reference/dbt_project.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on `dbt_project.yml` and config naming conventions, see the [dbt_project.yml reference page](/reference/dbt_project.yml#naming-convention).
```
